Improve docs for visibility field in Ballerina.toml (#8634)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/source-code-dependencies/package-references.md

*   Once the package is production-ready, you can use a stable version (E.g. `1.0.0`). Any subsequent minor or patch releases of the same major version should be backward compatible and, should not break existing builds.

### The `visibility` field

> By default, packages published to Ballerina Central are public, allowing visibility to all users. To limit access, you can designate a package as private by adding the `visibility` field to the `[package]` table. Private packages are accessible only to members of the associated organization. Users to configure the access token in the <USER_HOME>/.ballerina/Settings.toml file to utilize the package as a dependency. See [prepare for publishing](/learn/publish-packages-to-ballerina-central/#prepare-for-publishing) section to learn how to obtain an access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, packages published to Ballerina Central are public, allowing visibility to all users. To limit access, you can designate a package as private by adding the `visibility` field to the `[package]` table. Private packages are accessible only to members of the associated organization. You can configure the access token in the `<USER_HOME>/.ballerina/Settings.toml` file to utilize the package as a dependency. 

For information on how to obtain an access token, see [prepare for publishing](/learn/publish-packages-to-ballerina-central/#prepare-for-publishing).
```
